[Music]
oh four steps to lose belly fat in a
week tonight is your date night with
that handsome co-worker whom you've been
flirting with for the whole week you
open your wardrobe and browse through
all of your clothes this won't fit this
is too tight this will emphasize your
flabby belly well jeans and sweater then
not too romantic but at least no one
won't notice that you skipped your
workouts this week okay this month
do you recognize yourself if you nodded
you're on the right track to shape your
body in just a week and then wear any
outfit that suits the occasion let's get
into action here are four simple steps
1 never stop moving movement is life
jogging running biking swimming anything
that gets your heart rate up will do it
will help you burn calories and improve
your health too you can also take long
walks cardio exercises is one of the
most effective forms of training for
reducing belly fat however try not to
exhaust yourself with long marathon type
jogging experts prove that interval
training or combining two types of
exercise is more effective how often and
how much you exercise is also very
important you must be organized about
this make a schedule and follow it
day-by-day download a program that will
help you track your activities stay
motivated and never skip training again
[Music]
here's another good tip find a fitness
positive friend who will support your
efforts or join you in the gym the
competitive style of training will have
a very positive outcome
[Music]
and you'll get a pleasant bonus when you
exercise the endorphins kicking your
blood it will become not only fitter
person but happier too to hydrate
smartly
you control your whole life so why don't
you start controlling your whole body
Plus remember that human body is 80%
water and it's essential to nourish it
drinking your daily recommended amount
of water will help you control your
metabolic rate and digest food faster
yes we know you might need to visit a
toilet more often at first but after
several weeks your body will get used to
it
and bathroom visits will return to an
average amount however avoid sugar
sweetened drinks
sugar is the biggest enemy of the fit
flat belly when you eat a lot of sugar
the liver gets overloaded with fructose
and turns it all into fact we don't need
that right so it's just water then as a
result food digestion boosts you lose
that stubborn belly fat and feel great
win-win 3 eat healthy
[Music]
it's obvious that your whole belly fat
losing plan is based upon healthy diet
and thoughtful choice of food of course
you can burn yourself out in the gym and
congratulate with a slice of pizza
before bedtime but we both know it's not
right not healthy and won't take you any
closer to fit body so let's talk about
food protein goes first
be sure to include a good protein source
at every meal such as meat fish
eggs dairy
if weight loss is your goal then adding
protein is perhaps the single most
effective change you can do to your diet
protein intake decreases appetite and
promotes fullness many famous actors
follow the protein-rich diet to prepare
their bodies for the key role of their
life for example for the pardon Dallas
buyers club Matthew McConaughey followed
a diet that included a lot of liquid we
told you and proteins very result ativ
we say for both body and academy-award
[Applause]
don't skip dinner ever again we know
what you might think if I skip it I'll
lose weight no you won't sorry about
hard truth but let's face it when you
skip a meal your body signals your inner
organs that the starvation mode must be
activated it means that from now on
everything that you've eaten before will
be turned into fat this is how your body
saves you so don't let the chub layers
appear eat a healthy snack every three
hours
[Music]
alcohol will become fat too we know it
sounds ridiculous but it's a fact sooner
or later your liver will digest alcohol
into sugar and then it's a fad and where
do you think it appears in the first
place right there's nothing wrong with
having fun and little party never hurt
anybody but we advise you to be moderate
and settle on one or two drinks
just remember party lasts one night
belly fat last four weeks we made our
choice now it's your turn for chill out
and drive out the stress you didn't
expect to see this one here did you but
here's something you should know if you
tire your body with a huge amount of
exercise and excessive dieting you
should give it a break sometime sleeping
for five or less hours per night
increases visceral fat level good sleep
every night will help your body stay at
natural rhythm and keep metabolism
regulated plus if you sleep well you
look good in the morning smile more work
productively and one more Pleasant bonus
to add stop stressing about your weight
the more you think about it the more you
keep yourself preoccupied with something
that cannot be solved was a wave of a
magic stick you have to understand that
everything takes more or less time
stress deprives you of good sleep flocks
concentration and burns energy don't
overwhelm your brain with negative
thinking here's a tip if you combine our
advice with your ideas on shedding belly
fat you might expect good results in
just one week and step away from those
scales and look at the mirror this is
the only thing that reflects how
beautiful you are
comment below to share with us your ways
of fat fighting don't forget to share
the video with your friends to keep them
motivated and click subscribe to join us
on the bright side of life
[Music]